# video-learning-multimodal-emotion-dataset

# Dataset introduction
The video learning multimodal emotion data set contains eye movement, PPG, EDA data of 68 subjects and instructional videos watched by the subjects. Data was collected when they watch the instructional videos. The instructional videos are carefully selected to induce different types of academic emotions, which are interest, boredom, happiness, confusion and mind wandering.
Each subject should watch five videos, including four 2-minute instructional video clips and one 10-minute instructional video clip. The four short video clips are used to stimulate the subjects' interest, boredom, happiness and confusion, and the long video clip are used to stimulate the subjects' mind wandering. The subjects first watched four short video clips in random order and then watched long video clip. After each video clip was played, the subjects would press the button to mark the emotion generated when watching the video. After the whole experimental process, the subjects would review five video clips, and mark the time of emotion generation and end and the intensity of emotion arousal in detail.

# Dataset application
If you want to apply for a dataset, please download the license agreement. The user may only use the dataset after this license agreement has been signed and returned to the dataset administrators. The user must print and sign the license agreement, then scan it and send it by email (preferable in pdf format). If you are a student, please have a staff sign your application. Please send the scanned license agreement to txm800505@163.com. Also, please answer the question "For what purpose do you intend to use this data?" in detail in the application email. We may not accept your request if we find your justification insufficient upon review.
